[2.5] Mapping updates (#1616)
astronomer/docs: learn/task-groups.md

The resulting DAG looks similar to this image:

![Decorated task group](/img/guides/decorated_task_group.png)

There are a few things to consider when using the task group decorator:

- If downstream tasks require the output of tasks that are in the task group decorator, then the task group function must return a result. In the previous example, a dictionary with two values was returned, one from each of the tasks in the task group, that are then passed to the downstream `load()` task.
- If your task group function returns an output, you can call the function from your DAG with the TaskFlow API. If your task group function does not return any output, you must use the bitshift operators (`<<` or `>>`) to define dependencies to the task group.

## Generate task groups dynamically at runtime

> As of Airflow 2.5, you can use [dynamic task mapping](dynamic-tasks.md) syntax with the `@task_group` decorator to dynamically map over task groups. An implementation is shown in the DAG below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of Airflow 2.5, you can use [dynamic task mapping](dynamic-tasks.md) with the `@task_group` decorator to dynamically map over task groups. The following DAG shows how you can dynamically maps over a task group with different inputs for a given parameter.
```
